# Netflix Seeker Personal Edit
 Get rid of the stupid preview tile that appears when you use arrow keys to seek on Netflix, and blocks you from actually seeking. Now when you press arrow key right it will simply advance the video and playhead position, and when you press arrow key left it will seek backwards by the same amount. The amount it advances/rewinds is the minimum I am currently able to achieve, 10 seconds. If you hold down the shift key while pressing the arrow key it will seek 40 seconds instead.
 
 If we use Netflix's native seek() function, there currently seems to be some kind of rounding error which causes it to repeatedly seek to the same position every time you press either left or right. I used to use the seek function and just make sure the amount is the absolute minimum without causing problems, but now the minimum functional seek amount is proportional to the video length, which means for longer films you'd be seeking 30+ seconds. So now I instead just bind the arrow keys to send click events to the native Netflix buttons which advance/rewind 10 seconds. Before the old version broke, you used to be able to seek less than 10 seconds. Even 2 seconds if you wanted. So I'm regularly checking for updates to Netflix to see if this issue is fixed, that's why the variables are still there. In the future if Netflix ever fixes this issue, you should be able to set the seek amount in the variables instead of being limited to 10 second or 40 second intervals.

forked from https://github.com/supernovel/userscripts